## 253. Meeting Rooms II

Example 1:
<pre>
Input: [[0, 30],[5, 10],[15, 20]]
Output: 2
</pre>

Example 2:
<pre>
Input: [[7,10],[2,4]]
Output: 1
</pre>

### Idea:
First of first the input intervals is possible not sorted but when we think about this meeting aranagement in the real world.
We aways have start early meeting first before we start later meeting. So we have to process the meetings in increasing order of their **start times**.

Now we have sorted interval **(1, 10), (2, 7), (3, 19), (8, 12), (10, 20), (11, 30)** as example. Next let's walk through the example and find out what is minimum rooms required.

<pre>
First we haven't start any meeting yet.   

rooms = 0


And when first meeting (1, 10) start      

rooms = 1  [(1, 10)]


Then second meeting (2, 7) start because first meeting is still ongoing we have to allocated a new room for second meeting.
And then                    

rooms = 2  [(1, 10), (2, 7)]


Then thrid meeting (3, 19) start because first two meetings are ongoing. One meeting is due to finish at time = 7 and another one ate time = 10.
So we will allocate a meeting room to this (3, 19) meeting.

rooms = 3  [(1, 10), (2, 7), (3, 19)]

                                     
The 4th meeting (8, 12) at this moment 2nd meeting (2, 7) has finished. So we can let 4th meeting use their room.                                    

rooms = 3  [(1, 10), (3, 19), (8, 12)]


Then 5th meeting (10, 20) since 1st meeting (1, 10) has finished. So we can let 5th meeting use their room.

rooms = 3  [(3, 19), (8, 12), (10, 20)]


then 6th meeting (11, 30) at this moment all other meetings are ongoing they are finishing at 12, 19 and 20. So that we have allocate a new room for it.

rooms = 4  [(3, 19), (8, 12), (10, 20), (11, 30)]
</pre>

Basic on example walk through we have seen each time we check if there is room that is going to finish before new meeting start.
If there is a room we will reuse that room for next meeting. If not then open a new room. If we think about this we can need to pick some data structure
that will tell us what is the earlest finishing meeting. So that we can compare it with next coming meeting. It sounds like Heap can do it but which Heap? Min or Max.
Min should server this purpose that put earlest finishing meeting on the top of Heap.

Basic on that the alogrthim is to do following steps.
1) Sort intervals by start time
2) Check coming meeting with current finishing meeting time. If finishing meeting is closing before coming meeting so we can reuse the room otherwise open a new room
3) At end check how many meeting are going still that will be minimum require of rooms.



```java
class Solution {
    public int minMeetingRooms(int[][] intervals) {
        if (intervals == null || intervals.length == 0) return 0;
        
        //Sort by startTime [[7, 10], [2, 4]] => 1 not 2
        Arrays.sort(intervals, (a, b) -> a[0] - b[0]);
        
        //MinHeap by endTime
        PriorityQueue<int[]> minHeap = new PriorityQueue<>((a, b) ->  a[1] - b[1]);
        
        minHeap.offer(intervals[0]);        
        for(int i = 1; i < intervals.length; i++) {
            int[] finishing = minHeap.peek();
            if (finishing[1] <= intervals[i][0]) {
                minHeap.poll();
            }
            minHeap.offer(intervals[i]);
        }
        
        return minHeap.size();
    }
}
```
